for what these cool schools takes us to
the bell yacht that's where Molly high
school thrives and is home to none other
than the mighty savers k channel news
8's marvin blanco SE hall takes us there
we're coming to you from the Valley Isle
we're talking Marwan oka order this is
Molly high school
well as we all know travel industry's
one that fuels are out of economy here
at Maui high school the students are
getting a jump start with its Academy of
hospitality and travel joining us now is
senior irvin Domingo a perfect tell us
all about it well with all this program
o our students wouldn't know about the
traveling how important it is to
our economy so it could give our
students a head start we don't only
study about the travel industry we also
help all the community you know we do
community service and all that
when it comes to graphics request when
you want the job done right you can
write it to the Molly high school
graphics program joining us now a senior
Matt to Carolyn Matt let's talk about
the program the program is pretty fun
some we deal with Photoshop a lot and we
use the max mostly imax and do
surrealistic stuff like our recent
projects and do just random stuff any
time you can just do it the auto program
here at Maui high school is the real
deal yeah they got a bunch of state
championships but they have to come to
national championships you to tell us
more is see you're eating Wayne plus a
story here my high school would fix a
lot of cars here we learn a lot too but
yeah as far as the national justice is
concerned we're doing pretty good we
have the trophies in the room to prove
it we have like great academics and
we're just out of our school we love it
all up all the saber prime here may
drive you like me to teach in a fusion
who they have a lot of schools fear
there be sure you to an indication l
news8 today tomorrow morning cool
schools will be visiting you